Ha Ri.
Let's...
get married.
Let's get married.
Let's get married. Let's get married.
Ha Ri.
You don't need...
to give me an answer right now.
You can take your time to think about it...
No, I'm... I'm just really taken aback.
No, don't answer me right now.
Okay, look.
Think about all the good times we had...
and try imagining a beautiful future.
I'm sorry.
What? You're sorry?
Then...
No, I'm sorry for hesitating.
I think I got anxious...
because I was too happy.
We may be madly in love today.
But tomorrow, we might break up and get heartbroken.
It's not that I don't trust you.
I'm just thinking about the worst that could happen.
It's dumb, isn't it?
If I keep worrying like this,
I might miss out on all the happy moments.
Okay.
Let's get married.
Then...
give me your hand.
Give me your hand.
Let's...
try our best to be happy.
Yes, let's be happy.
Guys, quickly wrap up the articles you're working on.
I'd like to go home early.
- Sure. - Got it.
(How to Deal with Babies' Fake Cries)
- Hyo Joo. - Yes?
Your piece regarding how to deal with fake cries.
Are you saying that all children pretend to cry?
Sorry?
It's how children who can't talk yet communicate.
Whenever they want something...
or seek their parents' attention,
they fake cry and that's what I wrote.
Exactly. But sometimes, those cries are real.
Add a section on how to differentiate them.
Sure.
Other than that,
you did a great job.
My gosh!
Ms. Jang, the ring.
Did he propose to you?
Really? Let me see.
What on earth.
This small and pretty ring is heavier than I thought it'd be.
I bet it's hard to type anything with that on your finger.
Just know that we coached Mr. Han.
If we hadn't, you could've received the worst proposal ever.
I know and I'm grateful.
Anyway, get back to work so that I can hurry home.
Congratulations, Ha Ri.
We'll be practicing a nuptial song to sing at your wedding.
Count me out.
Can I stick to just giving you a gift?
You're not getting out of this.
- We're a trio. - I don't want to.
Shut it and get back to work.
- You're super annoying. - So are you.
(My mom Ms. Ok Ran)
(Episode 14: Grown-ups Only Cry for Real)
Mom, I'll hire a caregiver, so come home already.
All right, fine. Just don't worry about it too much.
How can you want to do this?
I hate that you're caring for him like this.
Resent him instead and stay away from him.
I heard you the first time, so please just stop.
What if you get sick again because of this?
Just stop what you're doing and come home.
My gosh.
Is your mom still by your father's sickbed?
She just won't listen to me.
I have work to get back to, so I'll catch you later. Sorry.
(Hyewon Hospital)
You probably didn't have dinner yet.
Gosh, you shouldn't have.
- Thank you for this. - Right.
Please, talk to me casually.
I value formality and good manners...
which is why I'm formal with even my juniors.
This isn't me keeping my distance, so don't be upset about it.
Sure.
How's Ha Ri doing?
She's deeply worried about you.
I bet she's furious too.
She believes that I had a rough life because of her dad.
Since I'm here though, shouldn't I at least...
- meet her father? - Ha Ri will be livid.
She wouldn't want you to meet the man she loathes.
Understood.
Ha Ri's father...
left us around the time she graduated elementary school.
I didn't tell her knowing that she'd be hurt.
- Is it good? - Yes.
It's fine without your father, right?
Sure.
She knew I'd be upset too. Have this too.
It's why she didn't bring up her father either.
She was just a kid. She probably missed him.
It would've driven her crazy.
No wonder she wanted to become a mother...
and dreamed of having an ordinary family.
That's not normal for a kid.
I came by to see Ha Ri's mother.
You should head upstairs.
Just a second.
I'm only asking because I'm truly worried.
I hope you don't get the wrong idea.
Mr. Han,
is there a chance for you to overcome your infertility?
Those who believe pregnancies to be a miracle...
will keep hoping even when there's only a one-percent chance.
It can happen to us.
I truly wish...
that it's not false hope.
Thank you.
It hurts.
Gosh.
Thank you, Ok Ran.
I'm not doing this for your sake.
Jae Young?
Auntie.
How have you been, Mr. Jang?
It's Jae Young. Do you remember me?
- Hold on. - Gosh.
Goodness.
Gosh,
- it's been a while. - It has.
I see that you've aged a lot too.
Of course, I'll be 40 soon.
How did the surgery go?
It went well.
That's good.
Auntie. I'll stay here tonight. You should go home.
Why should you? It's okay.
Go get some sleep.
I'm off tomorrow.
Where are you staying?
I'm staying at a serviced apartment.
Do Ah's doing well too, so don't worry.
I need to go over soon to get her things.
Who's with Do Ah now?
Her mom is watching her for a few days.
Auntie.
Watch out for your blood pressure.
Go home.
Here.
Okay. Thanks.
My pleasure.
Thanks, Jae Young.
- Good night. - You too.
Night.
Have you and Ha Ri remained close?
Of course.
You haven't seen her since she was in grade school, right?
That's right.
She waited a really long time for you...
during our grade school graduation.
She thought you'd come with flowers.
Flowers?
Wait.
Did I not go to her graduation?
Ha Ri was the president of the volunteer club in middle school.
She grumbled that it was a pain,
but she was happy to be on the executive board,
so she cleaned the school by herself.
Gi Hoon broke his arm,
so she carried his bag every day...
and received a citizenship award.
She did?
Uncle.
Ha Ri...
grew up to be a kind, sweet person.
What's your relationship with her?
I don't have any relationship with her.
We're just friends who are like siblings.
Like friends, like siblings,
we watch each other...
go out with other people and fall madly in love with them.
Why are you sitting in the middle of the street, wasted?
It's cold here.
Jae Young.
I got dumped again.
Did you get set up again already?
Why do I keep getting dumped?
I feel like there isn't a single guy in the world...
who likes me.
I like you.
That's annoying.
Do you think that's comforting?
What's the problem?
Why am I not good enough?
It's not that you're not good enough.
But you're not a guy to me.
If you and I date and then break up,
I'd be losing a family member.
I don't want to lose another family member.
That's odd.
How could a guy and a girl who are always together...
not develop feelings for each other?
That wouldn't be good.
If I told her how I felt and was rejected...
What guy in the world could be friends with someone...
he once loved?
It feels like someone else's home.
Do you want me to stay with you until you fall asleep?
No, no. I won't do anything.
I'm not a jerk who would bother my girlfriend...
who's tired and depressed.
You could be a little jerk.
Do you want to eat something?
Do you mean it?
So... How much?
She looks just like her mother when she was young.
Are you a good cook?
I make good instant noodles.
So she can only make instant noodles.
I cook well, so...
I stink at cleaning too.
We can get a nice vacuum cleaner.
Ta-da. Doesn't it look good?
It looks good. Let me.
- A little. - A little?
- This afternoon... - Yes?
I met with your mother.
Did you go to the hospital?
I did.
I didn't meet your father.
I...
guess I shouldn't introduce myself to your father, right?
I wasn't embarrassed about not having a father,
but I don't want you to meet him.
Me too. I wasn't embarrassed...
of my father,
but I didn't want to be like him.
He lived his entire life for the family.
He was a great father who worked hard for the family until he died,
but he had no life of his own.
After my father passed away,
I threw away his clothes and cleaned up his things...
and two bags of trash were left.
And...
one box of his things.
He was an aloof, quiet father who only worked...
and lived 70 years on this earth.
But his entire life fit into one box...
and two trash bags.
I'm sure it was for us,
but why did he live like that?
He didn't have to.
It was so frustrating.
My mom didn't tell me about my dad...
because she didn't want me to hate him,
but I heard her and my aunt talking...
about the day my mom went to see my dad.
Why did you come here?
I need money.
I don't have any money.
Am I supposed to starve our kid?
You need to at least pay for her tuition!
Fine.
Wait here.
I remember that day when my mom was hurt...
more than the day my dad left us.
This is not my day.
This hand is mine.
Why is it so hot today?
Are you Tae Seob's wife?
Sweetie. You should wait inside.
I'll make you a nice, cold cup of coffee.
What's her problem?
The room is so smoky. Stop smoking so much.
You all are smoking too much.
Hey, your wife is waiting outside.
Stop playing, and go outside.
What are you waiting for? Deal.
Did you win?
Here. This is all I have.
Take it, this is really all I have.
I need money for her tuition.
If I had more, I would've given it to you.
This is killing me too, you know.
All you ever want from me is money.
I ran away from home because I couldn't breathe,
but now you come here to ask me for money?
Here. Take this and leave.
She waited for him all day only to receive 78 dollars.
And that made her feel so miserable.
She wanted to throw the money at his face...
and tell him that she didn't come to beg.
But that was enough money...
to last us three months without having to worry about food,
so she just took it.
She became furious every time she thought of that day,
and it motivated her to work hard and make money.
That's what my mom had to go through.
And that's why I can't forgive my dad.
I didn't want to tell you this.
The noodles will get soggy.
You mother...
is very worried about you.
She thinks...
you got hurt because of your father.
You should stop...
dreaming of having a normal family because of what your father did.
Instead, think of building a happy future with me.
If you can't forgive your father,
then don't forgive him.
But...
you should meet him.
You might not hate him so much...
if you meet him in person.
Can we talk about something else?
Something to switch my mood.
Sure.
Come here.
You're so pretty right now.
Let me be a jerk for a second.
- My gosh, that's hot! It's so hot! - My goodness.
Here. Oh, gosh.
My goodness.
You should go to the bathroom and wash your top.
I'll see if there's another T-shirt you can wear.
- Gosh, it's hot. - My goodness.
I wonder if this will do.
Don't you need to change your underwear...
Mom, we only had noodles.
I know what's going on.
That's what you young people say.
No, Mom. It's not what you think.
You were topless?
Hey.
I Sang is gone.
I see.
We did nothing.
If you weren't going to do anything, why did you invite him over?
Gosh, if you say it like that,
I won't be able to invite him again.
I Sang proposed to me.
That's great.
That's it?
Mom, I'm getting married.
You've been talking about marriage for ages now.
I feel like you're already married.
Do you expect me to dance or something?
Gosh, this is so upsetting.
You're too tired to celebrate...
because you spend your energy taking care of dad.
This is why I never wanted you to meet him again.
See? He showed up all of a sudden only to put you through trouble.
Why do you keep making it like I'm a pitiful woman?
I know all daughters pity their mothers.
But I don't want my daughter...
to think of me as a pitiful woman who got abandoned by her husband.
You try too hard to embrace my scars.
But if you do that, it'll only make me feel burdened.
I've made peace with the past, but why is it that you still...
hate your dad so much and get angry about what happened?
Are you really okay? Is that why you're taking care of him?
But he made your life so miserable.
Are you seriously okay?
I'm doing this so I won't ever have to see him again.
Your dad is getting discharged tomorrow.
You and I will never have to see him again.
So stop getting so angry because of him.
Just forget about it already.
Eu Ddeum, did you get a paper cut?
I'm okay.
Wait here.
Did you teleport?
Give me your hand.
I guess this is how it feels.
My kindness could cause a misunderstanding.
If I'm nice to people, they might get the wrong idea.
I should be careful.
Well... If you're too kind,
some people could get mistaken.
Same goes for me.
Anyway, just be nice to me since I know you very well.
Okay?
Because you know that I don't like you?
I guess you'll never get the wrong idea.
Well, yes.
I won't ever get the wrong idea.
So just be nice to me.
Okay. Thank you.
Have a good day.
Ms. Jang.
Can we go home now? We finished sending everything.
Okay, go ahead.
By the way, Mr. Kim wants someone to go...
to the opening of the new store this weekend.
He wants someone who can support to get an advertisement.
Eu Ddeum will be going. Who wants to go with him?
- I'll go. - You?
What's gotten into you?
Because I'm the only one who's available.
- Great work, everyone. - See you.
- Bye. - Bye.
She couldn't be more transparent.
Aren't you heading home?
You go first.
I'll see you tomorrow then.
Let's go.
It's bone soup. Make sure you don't skip any meals.
You shouldn't have.
Don't get sick again until the day you die.
Don't waste your money and save up for a nursing home.
Don't ask Ha Ri for money,
live out the rest of your life as healthy as you can,
and die without causing a scene.
It's why I took care of you this time.
- Must you say it like that? - I...
didn't want to worry Ha Ri...
and be a distraction for her,
so I didn't even contact her when I was lined up for surgery...
that could leave me dead on the table.
Don't disrupt her life and die quietly.
This can be the one and only thing you end up doing for her.
You don't even know why you live such a pathetic life...
and that's a shame.
Tae Seob,
this'll be the last time we meet.
(Mom's Kalguksu)
Thank you for coming to see me.
Never show yourself again...
and stay away from my mom. That's what I came here to say.
There was a good chance that I could die,
so I wanted to see you for the very last time.
I only borrowed a little money from your mom...
to pay for the surgery.
I was going to pay her back with the insurance money.
I won't bother you two ever again, so don't worry.
Were you fine...
without us?
I was lonely.
Goodbye.
Sure, take care.
Ha Ri.
I heard that you were upset about not receiving this.
What's wrong? Don't you like it?
I'll get going then.
(Messages)
(Your test results are back from the lab.)
(We'll see you on June 25 at 2pm.)
We don't have all the time in the world.
Hello, sir.
Hello to you too.
You must be the manager.
Well, I'm Choi Hyo Joo from "The Baby".
It's nice to meet you.
Right.
I read the proposal you sent over.
However, I don't quite get...
how you can come up with a song and dance moves with our products.
Your most-sold product are these organic baby leggings...
and we'll come up...
with a short video that'll make it go viral.
Like this. "Stretch, stretch"
"look how stretchy they are"
Ms. Choi, what about a print advertisement?
"The baby leggings the nation is obsessed over."
"The stretchy leggings loved by both moms and children."
We'll appeal to moms with sophisticated articles.
Take that!
I see.
(Strollers and Car Seats at a Discounted Price)
We got the advertising deal thanks to you. I'm grateful.
I bet you are, right?
Then repay me by taking me to the beach.
- The beach? - It's to show your gratitude.
Let's go.
My gratitude?
Isn't it nice here?
It is. My gosh.
You're right about this being a way to show one's gratitude.
Are you going to keep working at "The Baby"?
Do you envision a different life for yourself...
or have something that triggers your passion or ambition?
I dreamed of becoming a saxophonist.
But that was a path for those who had the talent...
to be great.
Those like me who aren't that good...
needed to stick with playing the saxophone as a hobby.
Anyway, my major kept me at a disadvantage when getting a job,
so I did dream of working in an office one day.
I only learned about advertisement after getting hired at "The Baby",
but it turned out to be something I like.
You'll succeed even more in this field...
because you're smart and have bright energy.
- Me? - Yes.
No one's ever said that about me before.
It's true though. You should see the way...
you shine and sparkle.
Thank you.
What do you think about me then?
You?
Well, I'd say that you're one to bounce unexpectedly.
You make me sound like I'm on a trampoline.
Bounce unexpectedly?
Fine.
How about I bounce along the beach then?
Where are you going?
Be careful or your feet will get wet.
It's all right.
See?
Are you kidding me? These are new.
I'll buy you another pair someday.
As if.
Watch out.
What now?
They're all sandy.
I'll buy you a better pair when I can.
Ms. Choi.
Do you perhaps have feelings for me?
I want to be...
with someone I like too...
instead of someone who I don't like back...
and experience true love.
It's best if I don't apologize, right?
That's right.
Please don't.
The lump got slightly bigger.
We have a few months until the follow-up, but...
Are you going to push off the surgery?
It doesn't look good.
It's not like there's no sperm, so pregnancy isn't impossible.
However, since your fiancee is infertile as well,
if you want to do in vitro fertilization,
we need a minimum sperm count.
This treatment was ineffective.
Why don't we try another treatment next time?
What are you doing?
Are you hoping for the cover page?
I don't know...
what to do.
About what?
I felt lost about what it meant...
to be a dad.
But I must have gotten my hopes up...
as I shared Ha Ri's dream with her.
I may not...
be able to become a dad.
What do you mean?
Will it be hard?
Did he say it won't work?
This must be...
how Ha Ri felt.
- Hey. - Auntie.
I was going to get Do Ah's things and leave quietly.
Go back to sleep.
Stop acting like this is someone else's house.
- Sleep over. - That's silly.
I'll say bye before I leave,
so get some rest. Go back in.
(Ha Ri)
(I Sang)
Hello? Ha Ri?
Ha Ri. Are you there?
Ha Ri?
(I Sang)
Hello? Hello? Ha Ri.
Hello?
Hey, Ha Ri!
Are you okay?
Open up.
Open up. Ha Ri!
What's wrong?
What's wrong? What's going on?
I think something's wrong with Ha Ri!
Ha Ri!
Hey! Open up!
Hey, Ha Ri. Ha Ri.
What's wrong? Get up.
- Oh my gosh. What's wrong with her? - What's wrong?
Hey. Ha Ri. What's wrong with her?
Oh no.
- Let's get her to the ER. - Okay.
- Get up. - Can you get up?
Let's go to the hospital. Get up. Oh no.
- Oh no. - What's wrong?
(I Sang)
Is Ha Ri okay?
They examined her and gave her pain killers. She's asleep now.
I think it's the endometriosis. Go in and see her.
I'll go now.
Okay.
Thank you, Jae Young.
- Sure. Go in. - Bye.
I Sang.
"Ha Ri wouldn't be suffering that much if she were with me."
Don't make me think things like that again.
Please.
Sleep more. They said to go after the bag is finished.
- Okay. - Gosh.
You should lie down.
Hi.
My back hurts. I'm not dying.
Stop worrying so much. You're making me feel bad.
It's nothing serious.
Ms. Jang Ha Ri?
- You're not in pain anymore, right? - No.
The lump grew a little more since your last examination.
I don't think we should leave it as-is.
Why don't you consider getting surgery?
But... It'll be harder to get pregnant if I get surgery.
We'll have to wait and see,
but yes, there's a high risk that it'll reduce ovarian function.
As I told you last time,
your fertility level is already low...
even without the endometriosis.
So if you get surgery and treatments for a year,
it may become more difficult than it is now.
It's not like she can never have kids, right?
It would be nice to get a fertility treatment now, but...
It isn't impossible.
I...
made you get your hopes up.
If you're postponing the surgery because of me,
please don't.
Do you remember what I said?
I told you to focus on yourself...
if my test results don't come out that great.
What's the matter?
The test results weren't that good.
I could get treated for another three months...
and repeat the same thing all over again.
But I can't guarantee...
that the result will come out okay.
If you're enduring your pain...
because you want to wait until I'm ready,
just don't.
I've been...
postponing it because it'll make things harder for me.
It's not because of you.
There's still a chance...
for you to get pregnant even after the surgery.
You can look for a way once you're better.
But now, you need to get the surgery.
Are you okay?
I'm sure you're having a hard time as well.
I'm okay.
What's wrong?
Is it because of Ha Ri's illness?
Are you thinking of postponing the wedding?
No, not at all.
Ha Ri might...
try to postpone the surgery because of me...
even though she's in pain.
So I think...
you should convince her to get the surgery.
Because of you?
Yes.
Right now,
I'm...
unable to have kids.
I'm also...
subfertile.
The doctor told me I'll get better if I receive treatment.
But a few days ago,
the test results...
didn't come out that great.
Here. Eat up even though you don't have an appetite.
Eat and cheer up.
You should get the surgery.
I always felt sorry that you had to grow up...
without a dad.
When you told me you wanted to have a baby by yourself,
I was worried you might end up feeling sorry for your child.
But it's not like I could stop you either.
You finally found someone nice, so I'm no longer worried about that.
But you can't force things to happen.
You just need to do what you can.
Mom.
Telling me to get the surgery...
is like telling me to give up on having a child.
I did think about living without a child.
But I can't just give up so easily.
If I give up,
I'll never get to be a mom.
I was too busy trying to make a living,
so I never even knew how exhausted I was.
Back then, I hated my life...
because nothing ever seemed to work out.
But now that I look back, I wasn't that miserable.
I just did my best every day and worked hard.
This might feel like a big deal to you right now,
but this won't make you miserable.
I know that you won't become miserable.
- Let's eat. - Okay, eat up.
(Surgical Ward)
Are you okay?
I feel a lot better than I expected.
- Ha Ri, you don't need to... - Let's go. I don't want to be late.
Let's eat something nice for dinner.
There are tons of restaurants we've never been to.
- Hey, Ms. Jang. - Hey.
Ms. Jang.
Are you okay?
Yes.
You should've gotten some more rest.
I wouldn't be at work if I wasn't all right.
Don't we have a lot to do? What should I begin with?
Please don't immerse yourself in your work...
to take your mind off things.
You wouldn't be able to focus, anyway.
Why you...
Could you sort out the list of book recommendations?
Sure.
("My Mom")
I feel a lot better than I expected.
Yes, it's already out.
I'll leave it downstairs, so come by at any time.
Of course, they all look good. Did you forget who took them?
I'll take it to her.
But it's not urgent...
("My Mom")
(Mommy)
(Mom)
(Mom, Mom, Mom, Mom)
(Secret Diary)
(Mom)
(Oh My Baby)
Is that what Ha Ri wants?
No.
Even though it breaks her heart,
she would never give up on the person she loves.
Don't let her wait for me.
Ha Ri...
should be with someone who can give her everything...
and be happy.